-Our next guest is an Emmy
nominated actress and producer
you know from her work
in "WandaVision"
and the Marvel
Cinematic Universe,
as well as films such
as "Wind River,"
"Ingrid Goes West,"
and "His Three Daughters."
She stars in "Eternity,"
which is in theaters
everywhere this Thanksgiving.
Let's take a look.
-How's it looking?
-[ Panting ]
So, what?
What am I supposed to do?
I need you to tell me
what to do.
-Oh, my dear. Okay.
I read your file and you are
smart, passionate and decisive.
-Oh, I am?
-I have complete faith
that you will choose
the right eternity
and the right person
to spend it with.
-[ Moans ]
-You'll do.
-Do for what?
[ Knock on door ]
-Were you expecting
someone or...?
-Please welcome back
to the show
our friend Elizabeth Olsen,
everybody.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
Hi.
-Have you ever worn
tights with your heels, Seth?
-I haven't, but based on
how you were moving,
it might not be that easy.
-It was hard.
-Yeah.
-It's already hard.
-I don't know why
I just did that to myself.
It was so scary walking
from there to here.
-You had a real fear
in your eyes.
-[ Laughs ]
-Like, you were looking at me
like you had, like,
had brief amnesia
and didn't realize who I was
or what this was.
-I was lost.
-Yes.
-Completely lost.
-I do -- I mostly because
I don't want anybody to do it.
If someone like
pulled the fire alarm right now,
you would be the last one out
of here by a full 10 minutes.
-Well, I would take these off,
and then I'd be sliding
all over this floor.
-So you'd lose either way.
-I would, I mean,
also, I'm very restrict--
This is fine, we're good.
We're having a good time.
-Yeah!
-[ Laughs ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-I, um, let me offer you
a brief congratulations.
I saw you on my friend
"Jimmy Kimmel Show"
talking about how happy you are
about the Dodgers
in their World Series victory.
-Yeah.
-Congratulations.
-Well, I didn't do anything
but thank you on their behalf.
-You're very welcome, yes.
-Um, how great are --
were those series?
-Well,
it was an amazing series.
Now, this is the
truly amazing thing to me
is you kind of came to Dodgers
fandom sort of
in the last 10 years.
Is that accurate?
-That's correct. That's correct.
-And they're the
only sports team you care about.
-That's correct.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
-You're like a person
who's like, "I only like gold."
-I do only like gold.
-Yeah, you have one thing.
-I only like gold.
You can have your diamonds.
You can have your silver,
I only like gold
and the Dodgers.
-I would love --
I think I can get you
a cable news ad,
just like you're talking about
gold during commercial breaks.
-[ Laughs ]
-Um, did you go to any
of the games?
-Well, I do.
I go to -- I did.
I -- I went to a postseason game
and I was reminded why I should
never go to a postseason game.
-Yeah.
-Every time I've gone to
a postseason game,
they -- they lose.
-Yeah.
-Um, they -- I went to the
Brewers where they lost.
And I also watched them lose to,
uh, the Red Sox
when they lost in 2000,
I think -- what was that?
'18 or '19?
-Yeah, 18.
-Yeah.
So I was there when --
I was at the Dodger Stadium
when -- when...
-I think, by the way,
I did the same.
So I am a Red Sox fan.
And in 2004 I had been to --
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
Um, see?
I accept congratulations.
-Well, a belated congratulations
on the one I watched to win.
-Thank you very much.
Yeah, yeah, thank you.
Thanks for everything
you did that night.
-[ Laughs ]
-Well, we saw you there.
We were like, "We got a shot."
-Yeah.
-But I had only gone to games
where the Red Sox
had lost to the Yankees.
I think I had gone to, like,
three in a row,
and I had tickets
to the famous game 4
American League
Championship Series,
and I gave the tickets away
because I'm like,
I'm the problem.
-Right.
-And then we won
the next eight games,
and no one has given
me a plaque yet.
-Right.
And it is because of you.
-Of course it's because of me.
-Yeah.
I mean, I would -- I would agree
with that.
-Thank you.
-I just know I shouldn't
be going to these
post game series.
-Also, can we say
something else?
A lot of those games
were on too late,
and, uh, we have to get to bed.
-I'm watching West coast time.
-Oh, that's right.
-Yeah, so I'm okay.
-This is -- I will say,
this World Series
for East coasters was brutal.
-It was brutal.
And I also do like the two hours
of the post game show
that follows
because I have Spectrum,
and so they do like
a whole separate thing.
Like, you change the channel
from Fox to Fox Sports
whatever it is,
one or something,
and then you go to Spectrum.
-So you actually like watching
post game analysis?
-Yes.
-Wow.
-Well, specifically
for Spectrum,
there's a guy named
David Vassegh
who interviews the guys,
and he's kind --
they like -- I can't tell
if they're bullying him.
-Okay.
-Uh, but he's very funny,
But I don't know what's --
I don't actually know
what their relationship is to
him, I can't tell.
-So you're watching it less
about sports and more about,
like, the human dynamics
at play?
-Yes. That's why I can't
get into football,
because they all have,
you know, guards on their face.
-Oh, you, for you,
if you can't see the face,
no interest.
-I'm --Yeah.
I'm invested in the characters.
-Okay, great.
-Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
-I want to talk about
your movie.
-"Eternity" is what it's called.
-I'm sorry, "Eternity."
-Yes, yes.
-But it's sort of --
I've heard it billed
as a fantasy rom com.
Do you feel
like that's accurate?
-Yeah, it's a rom com
in the afterlife.
So it depends.
Is the afterlife a fantasy?
-Yeah.
I was happy to see it.
I think in this day and age,
I like seeing --
I really enjoy --
I felt nice knowing that there's
like a -- an afterlife.
I was like,
"Oh, I'd be good with this one."
-You like this one?
-Yeah. Because you know why?
There's immediately red tape
bull [bleep].
-Yes.
There's a lot of red tape.
And you like it.
-I would be happy about that.
I'd be like, "Oh, good, it's
not going to be that different."
-No, it's very bureaucratic.
It's very similar
to the culture we have today.
-Yeah.
-We're just throwing
consumerism at people.
-Yeah.
-It's like -- it's definitely
like a capitalist afterlife.
-And you immediately, like,
show up in the afterlife
and have to do the thing
none of us ever want to do,
which is make a decision.
-Yes, and everyone's forced
to make a decision very quickly
for a week, for eternity,
for the rest of their lives.
-And they can't change it,
and they're stuck with it.
-Yes, and there's -- there's
nothing else they can do.
-You have a --
I've heard you say
this is a dream role for you.
-Yeah.
-But there's a very
specific reason that it's true.
-Yes, because I play a
90-year-old woman who dies
and wakes up in the afterlife
in this body.
-Yeah.
-And, you know, usually when
people do romantic comedies,
they're supposed to be,
I think, sexually attractive.
And there's something
really nice about --
-Not for me.
That's not right.
I don't believe love has
anything to do with that.
-[ Laughs ] Yeah, you're not
interested in that.
-I actually had --
I paid to have
some actors remake
"Pretty Woman"
all 90-year-olds.
-But how interesting
would that be?
-It was very --
I'll give you the VHS.
[ Laughter ]
-Oh, that's when you made it.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Um, yeah.
So, I mean, there was
something really different
to get to lean into,
and I do feel like an old lady.
-In real life.
-Yeah.
-Old soul.
-Not like wise.
I do just feel like a little
out of touch with the times.
-Okay.
Have you always felt this way?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
So even in college,
you feel like
your friends would be like,
"Oh, she's out of touch
with the times."
-Yes.
I don't really know
what's going on in culture.
-Gotcha.
-Yeah.
Um, but I do know about 67.
-Oh, congrats
Congratulations.
-I think -- Thank you.
I'm really into 67.
-Interesting.
-Yeah.
-Now I have children who say it.
-And I've made
an active choice to --
to ask no follow ups.
-Okay.
I can explain it to you.
-Do you want to try?
-Yeah.
I think this is
on the explain it now.
-This is on the record now,
so just FYI.
-So I think the reason
they love it
is because
it's absurd and random.
-Yeah.
-And how great.
-Like, I think we're really
doing a lot of things that are,
uh, I don't know,
maybe cynical or pointing --
pointing at something.
And there's something
really funny to me about the,
like, abstraction and absurdity
of just getting excited
about two numbers
that are in order.
-Yeah. That there in order
is even crazier.
It's like -- like,
they're not like
no one's ever six then seven.
You're like,
that's all they've done.
-Yeah.
It's -- It's not --
it's not like
a funny combination.
-No.
-It's just like how
it's always been.
-It's really great.
But I feel like the gift I'm
giving my sons is to, like,
just be, like,
dumbfounded by it.
-Right.
-Cause, like, I think also
their joy is, like,
I don't get it.
-Right.
That's what they love.
-So I'm always like,
"What is this?"
And they're like, "[ Laughs ]"
-Right.
And there's nothing to say.
-Yeah, there's nothing to say.
They can't explain.
-Except watching someone else
be so dumbfounded.
-Yeah, which is the joy.
I'm very --
I'm growing into my role as
we talk about being old souls,
which is like my role right now
is to be in a house
and just be the dumbest piece
of [bleep] anyone's ever...
[ Laughter ]
Like, literally, that serves --
That's what everybody
in my family needs.
They're like, look at this dummy
who doesn't understand anything.
-I'm remembering a bit
from one of your specials
also of when
you're playing a game
and a -- and a part of a piece
of the game goes underneath.
-They can't --
-A piece of furniture.
-They can't keep dice
on the table.
-Yeah.
-And so it's like your favorite
moment is when you get to hide.
-Yeah.
When I crawl under a couch
to find a dice,
I just kind of stay there.
-That really --
that really stuck with me.
-It's really nice.
Trust me.
Like, at some point,
you're like,
this is the only place
you get to be where,
like, nobody's like,
what's --
'Cause I'm pretending
like I'm in service to them,
but I'm really just resting.
-Yeah. [ Laughs ]
-Do you have a specific,
like, old trait?
Do you feel
like your friends would be like,
this is -- this is
Elizabeth's most...?
-Um, it's, I mean, I don't know
if it's a trait
or if it's more of
just like a general embodiment.
I was, with text,
I was doing a lot of periods
at the end of sentences
until a friend told me
that it's really aggressive.
[ Laughter ]
-Have you --
I've also was told recently
that emojis are now
an old person thing,
and I was so psyched
that I finally got on board.
-Yeah, I feel like
I'm still searching
for ones that are clever.
-Yeah.
Some really like -- like,
I don't know,
I get excited to use
like the lightning bolt,
you know, like pow is kind of
how I feel when I use it.
-By the way,
it's -- it's so depressing
that somebody who
was in "WandaVision,"
who, like, literally did some
of the best, like,
lightning bolt stuff
I've ever seen is like,
"But have you ever
done it in a text?"
[ Laughter ]
-This is what I'm talking
about,
about the 90-year-old
thing though.
I was watching
so much Anne Meara when we were
doing "Eternity," and I haven't
watched the documentary yet,
and I was so invested in her and
Jerry Stiller's late night bits.
And it was -- it was
so fulfilling to -- to use --
use that as a reference point
for -- for my character
and for Miles Teller's
character.
-It is very nice.
I mean, I will try
not to give anything away,
but it is very lovely to watch
the two of you as actors.
Obviously, we're very familiar
with like -- you are --
You were playing old people
in young bodies,
and you both do a wonderful job.
I really enjoyed it.
-It is -- it's a
it's definitely,
like, a cross-generational,
I think, viewing experience.
It's, um, it's a -- it's a film
that's set in this afterlife,
but it's a really
ordinary love story,
um, about a couple
that's been married for 65 years
and a woman who ends up
in the afterlife and --
and discovers
that her -- her first husband,
who died in the Korean War
is also there
and has been waiting
for 67 years.
And it's -- it's a heartfelt
and screwball sort of comedy.
-It's a very nice time of year
for it to come out.
-Yeah.
-It's always lovely to see you.
Thank you so much
for being here.
-Thank you for having me.
-I really appreciate it.
You guys,
this is Elizabeth Olsen.
-Everybody, "Eternity"
will be in theaters
everywhere on Thanksgiving.
We'll be right back.